
Here's a link to a page named [[Official position]].
You can even say [[official position]]s
and the link will show up correctly.


You can put formatting around a link.
Example: ''[[Wikipedia]]''.


The ''first letter'' of articles is automatically
capitalized, so [[wikipedia]] goes to the same place
as [[Wikipedia]]. Capitalization matters after the
first letter.


[[Intentionally permanent red link]] is a page that doesn't exist
yet. You could create it by clicking on the link.



You can link to a page section by its title:

* [[Doxygen#Doxygen Examples]].

If multiple sections have the same title, add
a number. [[#Example section 3]] goes to the
third section named "Example section".


You can make a link point to a different place
with a [[Help:Piped link|piped link]]. Put the link
target first, then the pipe character "|", then
the link text.

* [[Help:Link|About Links]]
* [[List of cities by country#Morocco|Cities in Morocco]]

Or you can use the "pipe trick" so that a title that
contains disambiguation text will appear with more concise
link text.

* [[Spinning (textiles)|]]
* [[Boston, Massachusetts|]]


You can make an external link just by typing a URL:
http://www.nupedia.com

You can give it a title:
[http://www.nupedia.com Nupedia]

Or leave the title blank:
[http://www.nupedia.com]

External link can be used to link to a wiki page that
cannot be linked to with <nowiki>[[page]]</nowiki>:
http://meta.wikimedia.org/w/index.php?title=Fotonotes
&oldid=482030#Installation


Linking to an e-mail address works the same way:
mailto:someone@example.com or [mailto:someone@example.com someone]


[[Help:Category|Category links]] do not show up in line
but instead at page bottom
''and cause the page to be listed in the category.''
[[Category:English documentation]]

Add an extra colon to ''link'' to a category in line
without causing the page to be listed in the category:
[[:Category:English documentation]]


The Wiki reformats linked dates to match the reader's
date preferences. These three dates will show up the
same if you choose a format in your
[[Special:Preferences|]]:
* [[1969-07-20]]
* [[July 20]], [[1969]]
* [[20 July]] [[1969]]
