

== Section headings ==

''Headings'' organize your writing into
sections. The ''Wiki'' software can automatically
generate a [[Help:table of contents|table of contents]] from them.

=== Subsection ===
Using more "equals" (=) signs creates a subsection.

==== A smaller subsection ====

Don't skip levels, like from two to four equals signs.

Start with 2 equals signs not 1 because 1 creates H1
tags which should be reserved for page title.


* ''Unordered lists'' are easy to do:
** Start every line with a star.
*** More stars indicate a deeper level.
*: Previous item continues.
** A newline
* in a list
marks the end of the list.
*Of course you can start again.


# ''Numbered lists'' are:
## Very organized
## Easy to follow
A newline marks the end of the list.
# New numbering starts with 1.

Here's a ''definition list'':
; Word : Definition of the word
; A longer phrase needing definition
: Phrase defined
; A word : Which has a definition
: Also a second definition
: And even a third

Begin with a semicolon. One item per line; 
a newline can appear before the colon, but 
using a space before the colon improves 
parsing.


* You can even do mixed lists
*# and nest them
*# inside each other
*#* or break lines<br>in lists.
*#; definition lists
*#: can be 
*#:; nested : too


: A colon (:) indents a line or paragraph.
A newline starts a new paragraph.
Should only be used on talk pages.
For articles, you probably want the blockquote tag.
: We use 1 colon to indent once.
:: We use 2 colons to indent twice.
::: 3 colons to indent 3 times, and so on.


You can make [[w:horizontal dividing line|horizontal dividing line]]s 
(----) to separate text.
----
But you should usually use sections instead,
so that they go in the table of contents.



You can add footnotes to sentences using
the ''ref'' tag -- this is especially good
for citing a source.

:There are over six billion people in the
world.<ref>CIA World Factbook, 2006.</ref>

References: <references/>

For details, see [[Wikipedia:Footnotes]] 
and [[Help:Footnotes]].
